what is going on guys John here for
another food review and today we are
being classy today we're gonna go to
Panera Bread we're gonna try out the
estate and cheddar panini
thanks to get to get aviation you
suggest this one created see you guys in
a sec alright guys we were outside again
another beautiful day so let's check out
this panini here we have the nice bag
from Panera you have included is the
famous Panera brand chips we have some
napkins that's a big bag for that I
don't know might be wasting some paper
and here is the steak and cheddar panini
there we go guys let's get you in for a
close nice fresh baguette nice grill
marks on the top there look in the good
look at that caramelized cheese right
there looking nice all right guys let's
get into it alright well there is
nothing left to do than to take a bite
this is steak and cheddar cheese that's
it there we go guys the steak in white
cheddar panini from Panera
so there is some grilled onions on here
and some sort of sauce as well that you
can see right there that's a nice flavor
to it really really like that it's going
for some more bites
I got a few more bites then I'll tell
you how it is
alright guys so there's a lot of red on
this here's the other half of the
sandwich you can see that that's a lot
of bread and then that's a lot of bread
and then not much meat you know I mean
comparatively how much bread you're
getting the meat is tender its flavorful
you know it's very very good there is a
so much cheese on here a lot of white
cheddar cheese the onions are you know
they're cooked they're soft red onion
and then some sort of sauce that they
put on there as well but it's not the
best thing ever
I'm gonna give this a a 6 and a half out
of ten um it was let's see here it was
on nine dollars and five cents so you
know this is half of it so it was like
that much for nine dollars and it's a
lot of bread and the steaks okay so you
know this wasn't my favorite thing I
probably would not order it again um
maybe if this had some oh shoot to dip
it in or maybe if this had you know some
horseradish or you know maybe a little
bit more meat or something like that so
but you know I know Panera does what
they do you know they have the high
quality ingredients the fresh-baked
bread you know stuff like that so they
do what they do I'm not expecting you
know a massive feast but that's why I
don't go to Panera all the time it's
it's small quality portions but this
just this was this was a miss in my
opinion so there you have it guys the
the steak and white cheddar panini
thanks for the suggestion gate to gate
if you guys liked this video please
thumbs it up if you guys like my channel
please subscribe if you have not already
and until next time I'll see you later
guys